# Christopher Mejo - Personal CV Website
This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio and curriculum vitae, built with Jekyll and hosted on GitHub Pages. The site is based on the beautiful online-cv theme by sharu725.
## Overview
This is a static website generated by Jekyll, a simple, blog-aware, static site generator perfect for personal, project, or organization sites.
## Features
Responsive Design: Looks great on mobile, tablet, and desktop devices.
Easy to Customize: All personal data is managed through a single _config.yml file.
GitHub Pages Ready: Set up for easy deployment on GitHub's free hosting service.
Modular Sections: Content is broken into logical _includes for easy editing of experience, education, projects, and skills.
## Running the Site Locally
To run the website on your local machine, you'll need to have Ruby and Bundler installed.
### Clone the repository:
git clone [https://github.com/cmejo/cmejo.github.io.git](https://github.com/cmejo/cmejo.github.io.git)
cd cmejo.github.io


### Install dependencies:
Use Bundler to install the gems specified in the Gemfile.
bundle install


### Serve the site:
Run the Jekyll server.
bundle exec jekyll serve


### Preview:
Open your web browser and navigate to http://127.0.0.1:4000. The site will automatically reload when you make changes to the source files.
## Deployment on GitHub Pages
This repository is configured for deployment on GitHub Pages. Simply push your changes to the main or master branch of your your-username.github.io repository, and GitHub will automatically build and deploy the site.
## How to Customize
All the information on the resume can be easily customized:
_config.yml: This is the main configuration file. You can change your name, title, contact information, social media links, and which sections to display here.
_includes/: This directory contains the HTML for each section of the resume (e.g., experience.html, education.html). Edit the content within these files to update your resume details.
assets/images/profile.png: Replace this image with your own profile picture.
assets/css/main.scss: You can add custom styles here if you wish to change the site's appearance.
Feel free to fork this repository and adapt it for your own use.
